Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which methods did you decide to `overload`, and why?
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

I think I did a good job of going about overriding methods. At this point, this assignment is pretty half baked. I had trouble beginning to overload the methods. I'm not entirely sure which methods to overload and how to do it. I know I can overload the constructors but I wasn't sure whether I was overloading the constructor for that specific method or for building. This had been a really busy week for me, hence the extension. I would've really benefitted from getting into office hours before I began the assignment to clear up a few things.

UPDATED REFLECTION:
Going through my code a found an error with the way that I handled running out of an item during a transaction in the cafe game because I threw a new runtime exception and then called restock. This meant that restock would never get called. I changed this by rremoving the runtime exception and replacing it with a print line that let the customer know that the restock was happening. After attending office hours, I had a much firmer sense of what overloading a method would entail. Because I interpreted it as an interaction between parent and child classes, I assumed that all overloads must take place in the building class and it didn't make sense t apply any of those there. The first method I overloaded was the cafe constructor. I wrote in a way that it did not take in any parameters and called the original cafe constructor with default settings. I did something similar when I overloaded the sellCoffee method because it is written so that it also does not take in any parameters and calls the original sellCoffee method with default settings. I can really see the value in overloading methods here. You do not necessarily know how a person will order a coffee and what they may say so it's important to be able to interpret any way that the user might interact with the program. I overloaded the checkOut method in library. I rewrote it so that the user might be able to checkout multiple books at once. This overloaded method was written pretty different than the previous two. So this one is interesting another way in which overloading can be very very useful. I did a very similar method to return return book. In the house class I overrided the methods moveIn students and moveOut stuednts so that you could move multiple students in at once or multiple students out at once. This is something you would do at the beginning and end of each school year.